README.md, before:

# Gematria - machine learning for machine code

Contains sources of Gematria, a framework for machine learning on machine code.
It includes implementations of the
[GRANITE model](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.03894) and the
[Ithemal hierarchical LSTM model](https://arxiv.org/abs/1808.07412) for learning
inverse throughput of basic blocks.

[TOC]

## Installation

### Requirements and installation

Our models are built on top of TensorFlow 2.x (using the TensorFlow 1.x
compatibility layer) in a mix of C++ and Python. Most of the training code is
written in Python; we use C++ for the more demanding parts of the code like
graph construction. We use [pybind11](https://github.com/pybind/pybind11) to
make C++ APIs available in Python.

Basic requirements that need to be installed before starting:

*   [Bazel 6.0](https://bazel.build) or newer.
*   A C++ compiler supported by Bazel that compiles C++20. Recent versions of
    GCC and Clang on Linux both fit the bill.
*   Python 3.10 or newer.
*   Git.
*   [PIP](https://pypi.org/project/pip/).

Additional dependencies, including TensorFlow, Protocol buffers, and different
Python libraries are installed through PIP and through Bazel's `WORKSPACE` file.
We strongly recommend using
[virtualenv](https://pypi.org/project/virtualenv/) to install Python packages to
avoid dependency version conflicts with other libraries.

```shell
# Get the source code.
$ git clone https://github.com/google/gematria.git
$ cd gematria

# Set up virtualenv.
$ pip install virtualenv
$ virtualenv env
$ . env/bin/activate

# Compile the requirements file.
$ bazel run :requirements.update

# Install Python dependencies.
$ pip install -r requirements.txt

# On OS X only. The dependencies of tensorflow-ranking are not set up correctly
# and it needs to be installed manually.
$ pip install --no-deps tensorflow-ranking.

# Build the project, run tests, ...
$ bazel build ...
$ bazel test ...
```

### Platform Support

We develop and test our code on Linux and x86-64, and we test it on Mac OS X and
ARM. While we did not test it, we expect it to work with minimal changes also on
other architectures and platforms that run TensorFlow.

## Using the models

See the [training](g3doc/training.md) and [inference](g3doc/inference-api.md)
guides.

## Repository structure

See the [separate document](g3doc/code-structure.md).

## Get Involved

*   Issue tracker: https://github.com/google/Gematria/issues

We welcome patches -- see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING) for more information on
how to submit a patch.

Commit message:

Added code for importing training data from LLVM and BHive CSV files.
Added the LLVM framework as a dependency and functions and classes
needed to convert LLVM data structures (llvm::MCInst) to Gematria data
structures. This is currently used mainly to implement the BHive
importer, but it can be used for building importers also from other
formats (e.g. from within an LLVM pass, or other binary analysis tools).

A tool that imports basic blocks from compiled ELF binaries based on
this code is coming in the near future.

Bonus changes:
- added a bibtex of the GRANITE paper to README.md.

PiperOrigin-RevId: 532481549

README.md, after:

# Gematria - machine learning for machine code

Contains sources of Gematria, a framework for machine learning on machine code.
It includes implementations of the
[GRANITE model](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.03894) and the
[Ithemal hierarchical LSTM model](https://arxiv.org/abs/1808.07412) for learning
inverse throughput of basic blocks.

## Installation

### Requirements and installation

Our models are built on top of TensorFlow 2.x (using the TensorFlow 1.x
compatibility layer) in a mix of C++ and Python. Most of the training code is
written in Python; we use C++ for the more demanding parts of the code like
graph construction. We use [pybind11](https://github.com/pybind/pybind11) to
make C++ APIs available in Python.

Basic requirements that need to be installed before starting:

*   [Bazel 6.0](https://bazel.build) or newer.
*   A C++ compiler supported by Bazel that compiles C++20. Recent versions of
    GCC and Clang on Linux both fit the bill.
*   Python 3.10 or newer.
*   Git.
*   [PIP](https://pypi.org/project/pip/).

Additional dependencies, including TensorFlow, Protocol buffers, and different
Python libraries are installed through PIP and through Bazel's `WORKSPACE` file.
We strongly recommend using
[virtualenv](https://pypi.org/project/virtualenv/) to install Python packages to
avoid dependency version conflicts with other libraries.

```shell
# Get the source code.
$ git clone https://github.com/google/gematria.git
$ cd gematria

# Set up virtualenv.
$ pip install virtualenv
$ virtualenv env
$ . env/bin/activate

# Compile the requirements file.
$ bazel run :requirements.update

# Install Python dependencies.
$ pip install -r requirements.txt

# On OS X only. The dependencies of tensorflow-ranking are not set up correctly
# and it needs to be installed manually.
$ pip install --no-deps tensorflow-ranking.

# Build the project, run tests, ...
$ bazel build ...
$ bazel test ...
```

### Platform Support

We develop and test our code on Linux and x86-64, and we test it on Mac OS X and
ARM. While we did not test it, we expect it to work with minimal changes also on
other architectures and platforms that run TensorFlow.

## Using the models

See the [training](g3doc/training.md) and [inference](g3doc/inference-api.md)
guides.

## Repository structure

See the [separate document](g3doc/code-structure.md).

## Get Involved

*   Issue tracker: https://github.com/google/Gematria/issues

We welcome patches -- see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING) for more information on
how to submit a patch.

## Cite us

```
@inproceedings{granite:iiswc:2022,
  author = {O. Sykora and P. Phothilimthana and C. Mendis and A. Yazdanbakhsh},
  booktitle = {2022 IEEE International Symposium on Workload Characterization (IISWC)},
  title = {{GRANITE: A Graph Neural Network Model for Basic Block Throughput Estimation}},
  year = {2022},
}
```
